today , i 'm making kung pao chicken.
and i 'm using a recipe from the book land of plenty, and i 'll be sure to include a link to a recipe now.
the first thing i 'm going to do so, i want to make my marinade.
i have some water in the bowl, a little bit of salt i have some rice wine, some light soy sauce, some corn starch mix.
put it on the chicken.
give the chicken a good mix.
here i got a little bit of water.
oh , i 'm making my sauce now is what i 'm doing a little bit of lawyer.
got , some sugar, there 's some corn.
starch some dark soy sauce.
some light soy sauce i have some black vinegar, and this is one of the things, you really need for this dish as some sesame E oil mix.
this up, set this aside until we need it later now.
i also have some peanuts.
these are dry.
roasted peanuts, but their unsalted.
i have some green onion, the white part, i have some garlic and ginger.
i have some sichuan peppercorns in here in the bottom, and i also have some peppers.
i cut dried peppers, i cut the ends off and took the seeds out.
all right so let 's go and get started.
OK , i 'm heating up my wife, just i just turned it on.
so it 's not hot, yet i 'm going to put a little peanut oil in here be sure to swirl this around a little bit.
now i will put my chili 's in my szechuan, peppercorn in there, and as the oil in a pan heats up the nettle kind of seizing the oil a little bit.
and we need to put just a little bit more oil in there, here we go start to see a little sizzle in there.
kind of move these around alright squid crank this up on high.
OK , i 'm starting to see a little bit of smoke there when it will put our chicken.
in course, will let our chicken just sit for a minute or two?
google head, and on top of our chicken will put our green onions garlic, in our ginger, hey, my chicken is just about done now.
what we 're going to do.
we 're going to clear sauce in here.
we also foot are peanuts in you can use chess shoes.
if you want to turn the heat off it will plate this up alright.
let 's see, how it taste that 's really good anyway.
hope you enjoy it.
