today , we 're going to be cooking the world famous football cheating offer known as compiled chicken, the great thing about bombarding is the mild, sweet and sour taste, as well as the unique spiciness coming from the citron, peppercorns.
but enough with the talking.
let 's get straight into it.
step one ingredients chicken breast.
cucumber leaks, peanuts, garlic ginger dried chilies, citron, peppercorns, vinegar sugar, dark soy sauce.
cooking wine salt starch and some cooking oil, you can find the exact amount, the block.
but feel free to adjust the recipe and make it your own by the way, you should be able to find all of these ingredients in any chinese grocery store around the world.
step two preparation, take the chicken breast and ice.
it put it in a bowl with some wine and starch makes it with your hands and let it sit while you cut the cucumber and leaks into chunks.
now crush the garlic slice and cut the ginger into fingernail sized pieces.
next we prepare the sauce by mixing sugar vinegar, dark soy sauce, a little bit of cooking wine salt and starch together in a small boat step.
three cooking heat.
some oil in a walk at sichuan peppercorns and quick fry.
so they can release their aroma after twenty to thirty seconds.
remove them now at the pre marinated chicken stir fry until it turns white, my insite move.
it aside at chili ginger and garlic stir fry now, at cucumber leaks, peanuts and stir fry, again that 's button at least you add the sauce.
remember to give it a quick stir before hence or the sugar, and starch wo n't be at the bottom of the bolt now.
stir fry it one last time, step for happiness of mouth congratulations.
you 've just cooked authentic converging enjoy it with a bowl of rice i hope you.
like this video, if you have any questions i 'll be happy to answer your comments down below, of course, feel free to drop by my youtube channel.
there 's plenty of cool videos for you to see and make sure to subscribe for more.
LOL , why cooking another awesome things.
thanks for watching, and i 'll see you next time.
