and i 'm with chef great stillman at repor restaurant in rancho cucamonga, and he 's going to make up a discourse today.
what are we going to have?
we 're going to have a traditional margherita pizza as done in naples italy, and we 're going to make it right here in our eight hundred degree oven.
so this is the dough.
it ferments overnight darts off as an eight ounce ball, and you can tell.
it 's very loose in texture, and, that is.
because the gluten has had a long time to relax in the refrigerator overnight and develop the nice bubbles that we 're going to see on the edge of the crust and then the tomatoes are a spanish can tomato very similar to a san marzano.
but not quite as sweet, i like it to have a little bit more acid than the san marzano, and then we have a handmade mozzarella cheese that 's made in los angelus to make it daily.
and then extra virgin olive oil.
so we 've placed the dough directly into the caputo flower that we import from italy.
it 's the same flower that we make the dough with.
and then we give it a flip as i 've read in some, some manuals for italian pizza that are neapolitan style.
they say this is something you have to do.
in order for it to be traditional you have to actually dip it in the flower.
although i 'm not quite sure.
but that 's what we do anyway, we sprinkle the surface and then real quick.
we just give a squish with our palm and make it flat in the center.
not really disturbing the outside edge and then with our fingertips.
we dimple the rest of the pizza, moving the pizza around definitely handmade, definitely handmade, not trying your best not to disturb the edge 'cause that 's where you 're going to get a lot of natural bubbles from the fermentation.
once you 've dimpled, you 're going to do a quick stretch, while you 're rotating.
you 're stretching the just the edge of the dough out and you 're trying your best not to disturb the center, the center generally stretches out on its own.
you wo n't have to worry too much about it.
you really just stretching the edge, and you can see with not to much fanfare.
we 've established a good diameter without too much.
pull back, you actually see almost not.
and then we 're going to put it, pick it up and put it on the backs of our hands and just let it kind of hang down on the backs of our knuckles.
and then the diameter is even greater and we 've really not work too hard to get it that way and water in the dough in the dough is strictly.
it 's the red bag.
if you want to look for it on amazon, and it has a particular content of ash and gluten protein that we prefer, and it is a double zero ground flour and salt water and instant yeast.
not active, dry, but instant and will give you the recipe for that later so after you stretch it.
this is basically the size, you do n't have to throw it or anything.
just put it right onto our pizza peel that we 're going to use to get into our oven and then we 're going to put some sauce on it.
this is our antonina tomatoes and the only thing that we do to this canned tomato is put a little bit of salt in it and elevate the salt level.
and that 's it.
we puree it with salt and that is it 's about two.
do you want a quarter to two and a half ounces of sauce, and i 'm going to put the cheese on.
next and probably you guys will wonder why there 's not that much cheese on there and if you 've ever been, italy, you 'll know that they just do n't put a lot of cheese on their neapolitan style pizzas got this recipe from restaurants that i worked in i 'm not sure if you 've been to downtown disney.
but there 's, there 's a?
yeah , there 's a place called naples.
and they crank out about five hundred to six hundred pieces of day, and i used to run that place.
so it 's just a haphazard, scattering that 's it.
that 's the only amount of cheese we 're going to put on there, and that she 's going to melt down real fast in the oven, and kind of spread out just a little bit.
but not much it 's not an american style pizza where the whole thing is covered with cheese you taste more of the acid of the tomato and the extra virgin.
olive oil actors come out of the oven, and we put on here.
is a little bit of basil fresh?
but can i bring him up.
you can leave in the whole, it does n't really matter the surprisingly.
they just get a little bit charred.
but not much as sometimes they even retain all their green color after they come out of the oven.
so that 's all we do to the pizza and then we go into the oven just going to place it directly on the stone and give it a shake.
an off it goes.
how was your last day there, generally it is going to stay in there about two minutes?
and the higher, the temperature, the oven the faster.
it will bake obviously and you 'll start to see immediately.
the crust will start to give rise and the cheese will start to kind of sweat a little bit.
the sauce will start to boil, and you 'll get some characteristic charring on the backside of the pizza that 's closest to the fire and.
so will have to rotate it every thirty to forty five seconds, your home oven will take you about ten minutes.
at the very bottom that 's where you want to have your pizza stone so it 's directly in contact with your heating element of your stove.
would you have back there?
it 's not for smoking, flavor or anything like that.
it 's just neutral, very neutral and clean burning wood, so this is white oak.
bubbling up nice beautiful there.
the cheese you can see.
it 's a little bit more resistant, then the dell and you 're looking to put a little just starting to karma, lies the top of the cheese getting a little bit brown.
that 's when i like it to be done.
and , that is a good pizza.
we 're going to put a little bit of extra virgin olive oil directly on.
yeah , over the whole pizza and then in america we cut it, but i 'm told in, uh, in italy you cut it yourself.
and here is how we serve a traditional neapolitan pizza from report restaurant in rancho cucamonga.
all that sauce is amazing.
it 's all about the sauce.
yeah , fresh mozzarella, mozzarella little bit of basil, simple but elegant, gotta, come try this.
