hey there welcome back to no recipe required, hope you doing, well tonight.
i 'm going to make some homemade pizza for you.
this is going to be a classic margarita pizza.
it 's really delicious, pretty easy to do you 've got your.
we 've got our standard sauce.
the sauce that i normally make will roll out some pizza dough or stretch out some pizza dough and really just do a basic tomato mozzarella and basil, basil across, actually call it the christmas pizza.
could it 's got a nice little red, white and green color into it, let 's, let 's go ahead and get started free pizza?
one of the few decisions you gotta, make is how thin or thick you want to cut your tomato or slicer tomato.
i actually prefer to go a pretty thin slice.
but if you really like kind of chunkier pieces of tomato by all mine by all means, go a little thicker.
i 'm going to go and probably do.
i do n't know an eighth of an inch or a sixteenth of an inch slice there pretty thin and just laying down.
i 'm using a roma tomato winter.
i think is generally, you know, kind of the best out there, but use obviously whatever is available.
whatever expression, whatever you like so let 's go ahead and make our margarita pizza.
i 've got a pasta dough that i just rolled out or kind of pulled apart.
pull apart is not the right word.
i pulled in kind of stretched it out, got a, got, a nice flat doh.
here you can find how i do it out on the website, and then i 've also got my basic classic tomato sauce plus that i use for just about all my pizzas, an i 'm going to go ahead and lay that down in a, in a nice coat and i like you know, probably frankly i probably like a medium amount of sauce people, people have said little bit less a little bit more i kind of like it a little bit right in the middle use, the back of the spoon there, yeah, you spoon it out with the front, then just kind of use the back spread it out.
it certainly does not have to be perfectly, even all around.
if you got little spots like that, it 's really not a big deal.
and then i like to use our leave about half an inch all the way around the pizza.
you do n't want to you do n't want to get any big massive puddles in there if you 've got half an inch of, of sauce sitting over here.
definitely you want to smooth that out so margarita pizza, i 've got some mozzarella cheese.
this is actually barada cheese which is a kind of a version of mozzarella.
i 'm going to go ahead and lay this down.
a few pieces kind of interspersed throughout the, throughout the slice or throughout the pizza and these are, these are probably quarter.
inch half an inch slices.
then i 'm going to spread out.
maybe we fit one more in there, how about this guy right there and maybe one more, one more rate in the middle there and then um sauce little bit , mozzarella.
and then you can lay some basil down now.
the basel i like to.
i like to press down a little bit to make sure that it stays down, stays down as it cooks if it stays down it.
and so it 's like going to burn in the oven, which, which i do n't really like burnt basil, so go ahead.
and you just kind of push it a little bit get it into the right, places, you know, obviously terribly is if you need to that looks , good.
let 's go ahead and pop this in the oven, so in the interest of full disclosure.
i put my margarita pizza together without putting any fresh tomatoes on it, which is not what i want to do.
i had actually already put it in the oven, when i realized that i spotted the tomatoes not a big deal, and you just grab it out of the oven and layer tomatoes down there nobody is going to know.
they went on late let me just pop that right back in the oven, and we should be good to go in a few minutes.
so here 's my pizza.
margherita just pulled out of the oven.
i actually kept it on the pizza stone.
that 's a that 's something i normally do and let it actually cool down on the stone.
i find that keeps the crust nice and crispy and this one.
i do n't know if you can tell on camera.
but if you do like that, the top kind of jiggles a little bit totally fine totally normal, just means it needs to rest calm down, solidify a little bit.
but i 've got a perfect little pizza here.
hope you make it and i 'll see you next time on no recipe required.
