come hate that choi that means happy new year.
i 'm not sure if i pronounce that correctly, but because chinese new year is just around the corner.
i wanted to make potstickers, potstickers.
a dumpling, that is steamed and fried if you want the recipe for those.
please check out what side the cooking dot blogspot dot com and if you 're interested in seeing my version, keep on watching.
please visit what 's ivy cooking dot blogspot dot com for the complete recipe clean shrimp by peeling the talen skin off as shown.
devein , the shrimp by running your knife on the back of the shrimp use your fingers to open the shrimp and remove the digestive track as shown boil water and let your shit talky mushroom steep in this water until rehydrated.
finally , chop up your green onions.
we do n't want big chunks of green onions in our mixture and peel.
the skin off of your shallot, an finally mince.
we also do n't want big chunks of shallots in our mixture.
train your water chestnuts.
an finally mince as shown, great shirt garlic and ginger it 's easier to great eight ginger when it is frozen once your shit talky mushrooms have been rehydrated you want to squeeze off the excess water and chop finely as shown rinse your shrimp off with water and finally chop in a bowl combine your ground pork your shrimp green onions shallots ginger and garlic shataiki mushrooms and water chestnuts have the xiaoxing wine the sesame E oil to soy sauce some salt sugar, white pepper, and an egg incorporate all these ingredients by mixing this mixture with your hands once mix, add your cornstarch and mix again, please visit what 's ivy cooking dot blogspot dot com for the complete recipe, place a teaspoon in the center of the dough dabble little water with your finger and circle around the edge fault, the pot sticker, and pleaded as shown.
i do about six to eight pleats, when i am done pleading it.
i like to flatten the bottom with my hand place pot stickers in a pan add chicken broth until chicken broth reaches halfway up place the cover, and we 're going to steam the pot stickers for about three minutes, take the cover off and let the broth evaporate once evaporated.
add some oil and let the pot stickers fry until golden brown on the bottom.
thank you for watching ivs kitchen.
please do n't forget to subscribe for my recipes.
please visit what 's ivy cooking dot blogspot dot com.
can also find me on facebook, or instagram until next time happy cooking?
