welcome to collinwood, elam, i'ma grassy.
and we 're going to make together pizza margarita today.
this pizza was invented in eighteen hundred.
eighty nine in naples by rafael as positive pizza maker in owner of queen regina, margherita during visit to naples, this pizza is the color of the italian flag green, white, and red to prepare six pizzas margarita we need two pounds flour, one hour.
so fresh yeast two cups fresh water and one teaspoon of salt and to garnish our pizzas, we need the six tablespoons extra virgin olive oil one pound of fresh mozzarella cheese few basil, live one pound or can tomato or tomato pulp and a pinch of salt.
first of all way to need our peace, and also we need the flower place of our bench we had the east salt and water and we need is important, not to mix directly salt and is we have water people to water.
cause , we do n't know exactly how much water.
the flowers gone hours hope.
and we start to need, so we need about though for this fifteen twenty minutes until we have a very nice texture.
and where is moved dope connected using a kitchenette.
of course when you finish to need the door is not sticky anymore, as a nice texture.
if it 's too thick, you can add a little water.
if it 's two softap just add some flour, you place on a bench.
you make a nice bowl with cover, the door to avoid crusting an you let it rise at room temperature for three four hour.
or you can place in a warm place for one hour.
one sourdough, as almost double is volume we make six small balls.
each peaceable should be around nine ounces.
so we make nice round shape now.
we cover again with film to avoid the door crafting an we elect, leave at room times or for a couple of hour or if you like you can place in a warm place for forty five minutes around pizza dough is ready.
now we can seize and a tomato.
so pinch of salt little olive oil we start giving a shape to our pizza we flower one piece of gold.
and we start making flat with our hands.
we try to obtain a regular round shape of around fourteen inches.
now we had a tomato and we spread all over our pizza dough.
we had the mozzarella cheese shredded little basil pizza is ready to be back.
now we should make pizza at around seven hundred fifty degrees.
fahrenheit for around ninety seconds sliding pizza directly on the oven floor at home we can bake at four hundred degrees.
fahrenheit four five, seven finish our pizza with basil and fresh olive oil.
i hope you enjoy this pizza.
margherita , one of the most famous italian pizzas and got up at eight AM.
