today , i 'm making kung pao chicken.
and i 'm using a recipe from the book land of plenty, and i 'll be sure to include a link to a recipe now.
the first thing i 'm going to do so, i want to make my marinade.
i have some water in the bowl, a little bit of salt i have some rice wine, some light soy sauce, some corn starch mix.
put it on the chicken.
give the chicken a good mix.
here i got a little bit of water.
oh , i 'm making my sauce now is what i 'm doing a little bit of lawyer.
got , some sugar, there 's some corn.
starch some dark soy sauce.
some light soy sauce i have some black vinegar, and this is one of the things, you really need for this dish as some sesame E oil mix.
this up, set this aside until we need it later now.
i also have some peanuts.
these are dry.
roasted peanuts, but their unsalted.
i have some green onion, the white part, i have some garlic and ginger.
i have some sichuan peppercorns in here in the bottom, and i also have some peppers.
i cut dried peppers, i cut the ends off and took the seeds out.
all right so let 's go and get started.
OK , i 'm heating up my wife, just i just turned it on.
so it 's not hot, yet i 'm going to put a little peanut oil in here be sure to swirl this around a little bit.
now i will put my chili 's in my szechuan, peppercorn in there, and as the oil in a pan heats up the nettle kind of seizing the oil a little bit.
and we need to put just a little bit more oil in there, here we go start to see a little sizzle in there.
kind of move these around alright squid crank this up on high.
OK , i 'm starting to see a little bit of smoke there when it will put our chicken.
in course, will let our chicken just sit for a minute or two?
google head, and on top of our chicken will put our green onions garlic, in our ginger, hey, my chicken is just about done now.
what we 're going to do.
we 're going to clear sauce in here.
we also foot are peanuts in you can use chess shoes.
if you want to turn the heat off it will plate this up alright.
let 's see, how it taste that 's really good anyway.
hope you enjoy it.
hi , i 'm john ganley from cosmos would like to welcome you to our restaurant.
cosmos has been in sarasota for over fifteen years.
we are now in our new home, which is at the corner of clark, and an array by deer.
I seventy five and we 've always specialized in italian comfort food.
a lot of people notice for wood, fire brick oven pizzas, we also prepare signature clusters, specialty salads, and a whole lot of other different entrees.
true sivley italian.
we do have some multicultural twist or cuisine.
we have a few asian influences.
they have a few american influences as well.
in addition to our regular menu, we have a very extensive gluten free menu over fifty items that are gluten-free free pizza with free pasta.
many gluten free salads and some gluten free on trees.
we 've been members of the original since two thousand three.
i think it was one of the charter members and so many things that i like about being a member of the originals.
i enjoy the teamwork that original members are not in competition with each other and i like the fact that we share resources.
hey welcome to the kitchen at cosmos.
today , chef alfredo is going to be making a couple of our famous wood fire brick oven pizzas going to start off with a margarita pizza and after that we 're going to make a quattro, formaggio, or four cheese.
OK , well, to make the margarita pizza we 're going to start off with by stretching the dough and we do make gardell everyday fresh in our kitchen after that we 're going to add some shredded mozzarella cheese.
then our version of a margarita pizza has four dollops of tomato sauce, along with some fresh, chopped tomato, then it goes into the wood burning oven, they certainly, we 've been cooking with for fifteen years.
now it burns it about seven or eight hundred degrees for the pizza cooks very quickly.
the end result is when you cook at that high of a temperature that you wanted with their very crisp crust.
after the margarita pizza comes out of the oven, we finish it with some fresh, grated parmesan cheese.
some fresh basil and around the edge of the pizza on the crust.
we put extra virgin, olive oil and that is, cosmos famous margarita pizza.
OK , now we 're going to make our quattro, formaggio pizza which means four cheeses.
this is a white pizza meaning no sauce, the four cheeses that go on to this pizza, or mozzarella, fontina cheese which is a slightly nutty flavor, crumbled gorgonzola cheese.
gorgonzola is an italian, mild blue cheese.
and then some fresh diced tomato alright, the quadro for logic pizzas, finished we 're going to put it on the plates going to top it with shape parmesan cheese in some extra virgin, olive oil.
and there you have it is n't a quattro for maggio pizza.
guys , jason hill here today.
and i 'm with chef great stillman at repor restaurant in rancho cucamonga, and he 's going to make up a discourse today.
what are we going to have?
we 're going to have a traditional margherita pizza as done in naples italy, and we 're going to make it right here in our eight hundred degree oven.
so this is the dough.
it ferments overnight darts off as an eight ounce ball, and you can tell.
it 's very loose in texture, and, that is.
because the gluten has had a long time to relax in the refrigerator overnight and develop the nice bubbles that we 're going to see on the edge of the crust and then the tomatoes are a spanish can tomato very similar to a san marzano.
but not quite as sweet, i like it to have a little bit more acid than the san marzano, and then we have a handmade mozzarella cheese that 's made in los angelus to make it daily.
and then extra virgin olive oil.
so we 've placed the dough directly into the caputo flower that we import from italy.
it 's the same flower that we make the dough with.
and then we give it a flip as i 've read in some, some manuals for italian pizza that are neapolitan style.
they say this is something you have to do.
in order for it to be traditional you have to actually dip it in the flower.
although i 'm not quite sure.
but that 's what we do anyway, we sprinkle the surface and then real quick.
we just give a squish with our palm and make it flat in the center.
not really disturbing the outside edge and then with our fingertips.
we dimple the rest of the pizza, moving the pizza around definitely handmade, definitely handmade, not trying your best not to disturb the edge 'cause that 's where you 're going to get a lot of natural bubbles from the fermentation.
once you 've dimpled, you 're going to do a quick stretch, while you 're rotating.
you 're stretching the just the edge of the dough out and you 're trying your best not to disturb the center, the center generally stretches out on its own.
you wo n't have to worry too much about it.
you really just stretching the edge, and you can see with not to much fanfare.
we 've established a good diameter without too much.
pull back, you actually see almost not.
and then we 're going to put it, pick it up and put it on the backs of our hands and just let it kind of hang down on the backs of our knuckles.
and then the diameter is even greater and we 've really not work too hard to get it that way and water in the dough in the dough is strictly.
it 's the red bag.
if you want to look for it on amazon, and it has a particular content of ash and gluten protein that we prefer, and it is a double zero ground flour and salt water and instant yeast.
not active, dry, but instant and will give you the recipe for that later so after you stretch it.
this is basically the size, you do n't have to throw it or anything.
just put it right onto our pizza peel that we 're going to use to get into our oven and then we 're going to put some sauce on it.
this is our antonina tomatoes and the only thing that we do to this canned tomato is put a little bit of salt in it and elevate the salt level.
and that 's it.
we puree it with salt and that is it 's about two.
do you want a quarter to two and a half ounces of sauce, and i 'm going to put the cheese on.
next and probably you guys will wonder why there 's not that much cheese on there and if you 've ever been, italy, you 'll know that they just do n't put a lot of cheese on their neapolitan style pizzas got this recipe from restaurants that i worked in i 'm not sure if you 've been to downtown disney.
but there 's, there 's a?
yeah , there 's a place called naples.
and they crank out about five hundred to six hundred pieces of day, and i used to run that place.
so it 's just a haphazard, scattering that 's it.
that 's the only amount of cheese we 're going to put on there, and that she 's going to melt down real fast in the oven, and kind of spread out just a little bit.
but not much it 's not an american style pizza where the whole thing is covered with cheese you taste more of the acid of the tomato and the extra virgin.
olive oil actors come out of the oven, and we put on here.
is a little bit of basil fresh?
but can i bring him up.
you can leave in the whole, it does n't really matter the surprisingly.
they just get a little bit charred.
but not much as sometimes they even retain all their green color after they come out of the oven.
so that 's all we do to the pizza and then we go into the other just going to place it directly on the stone and give it a shake.
an off it goes.
how was your last day there, generally it is going to stay in there about two minutes?
and the higher, the temperature, the oven the faster.
it will bake obviously and you 'll start to see immediately.
the crust will start to give rise and the cheese will start to kind of sweat a little bit.
the sauce will start to boil, and you 'll get some characteristic charring on the backside of the pizza that 's closest to the fire and.
so will have to rotate it every thirty to forty five seconds, your home oven will take you about ten minutes.
at the very bottom that 's where you want to have your pizza stone so it 's directly in contact with your heating element of your stove.
would you have back there?
it 's not for smoking, flavor or anything like that.
it 's just neutral, very neutral and clean burning wood, so this is white oak.
bubbling up nice beautiful there.
the cheese you can see.
it 's a little bit more resistant, then the dell and you 're looking to put a little just starting to karma, lies the top of the cheese getting a little bit brown.
that 's when i like it to be done.
and , that is a good pizza.
we 're going to put a little bit of extra virgin olive oil directly on.
yeah , over the whole pizza and then in america we cut it, but i 'm told in, uh, in italy you cut it yourself.
and here is how we serve a traditional neapolitan pizza from report restaurant in rancho cucamonga.
all that sauce is amazing.
it 's all about the sauce.
yeah , fresh mozzarella, mozzarella little bit of basil, simple but elegant, gotta, come try this.
this is the quick steam method, so, first of all, you chop up one cup of chinese chives and then you chop up ten to twelve for frans into bite size.
and then you have one pound of ground pork, then, you add one egg into the ground pork and then you use the chopsticks or fork mix the ingredients.
well , you have one bank of shanghai, dumpling, wrapper.
these are the rappers that already made into a circle.
first , what the edges of the rapper you can fold the edge or the crinkle fold or just leave it plain.
then would you put one tablespoon of ingredient into the rapper and then mix here.
you seal the edges so the ingredients do n't leak out.
first , you are preheat the pan, and then, you add three to five tablespoons of cooking oil.
then , you add the dumplings onto the pan optic grilling for a few minutes on one side just turned the dumplings effect on the other side.
can you put the three quarters in one cup of water and let it steam covered two more minutes spell steam?
the dumplings for five to seven minutes just check to make sure they all cooked all the way through, if you have it chinese pot sticker dumplings, quick steam method, and joy, very good.
hey there welcome back to no recipe required, hope you doing, well tonight.
i 'm going to make some homemade pizza for you.
this is going to be a classic margarita pizza.
it 's really delicious, pretty easy to do you 've got your.
we 've got our standard sauce.
the sauce that i normally make will roll out some pizza dough or stretch out some pizza dough and really just do a basic tomato mozzarella and basil, basil across, actually call it the christmas pizza.
could it 's got a nice little red, white and green color into it, let 's, let 's go ahead and get started free pizza?
one of the few decisions you gotta, make is how thin or thick you want to cut your tomato or slicer tomato.
i actually prefer to go a pretty thin slice.
but if you really like kind of chunkier pieces of tomato by all mine by all means, go a little thicker.
i 'm going to go and probably do.
i do n't know an eighth of an inch or a sixteenth of an inch slice there pretty thin and just laying down.
i 'm using a roma tomato winter.
i think is generally, you know, kind of the best out there, but use obviously whatever is available.
whatever expression, whatever you like so let 's go ahead and make our margarita pizza.
i 've got a pasta dough that i just rolled out or kind of pulled apart.
pull apart is not the right word.
i pulled in kind of stretched it out, got a, got, a nice flat doh.
here you can find how i do it out on the website, and then i 've also got my basic classic tomato sauce plus that i use for just about all my pizzas, an i 'm going to go ahead and lay that down in a, in a nice coat and i like you know, probably frankly i probably like a medium amount of sauce people, people have said little bit less a little bit more i kind of like it a little bit right in the middle use, the back of the spoon there, yeah, you spoon it out with the front, then just kind of use the back spread it out.
it certainly does not have to be perfectly, even all around.
if you got little spots like that, it 's really not a big deal.
and then i like to use our leave about half an inch all the way around the pizza.
you do n't want to you do n't want to get any big massive puddles in there if you 've got half an inch of, of sauce sitting over here.
definitely you want to smooth that out so margarita pizza, i 've got some mozzarella cheese.
this is actually barada cheese which is a kind of a version of mozzarella.
i 'm going to go ahead and lay this down.
a few pieces kind of interspersed throughout the, throughout the slice or throughout the pizza and these are, these are probably quarter.
inch half an inch slices.
then i 'm going to spread out.
maybe we fit one more in there, how about this guy right there and maybe one more, one more rate in the middle there and then um sauce little bit , mozzarella.
and then you can lay some basil down now.
the basel i like to.
i like to press down a little bit to make sure that it stays down, stays down as it cooks if it stays down it.
and so it 's like going to burn in the oven, which, which i do n't really like burnt basil, so go ahead.
and you just kind of push it a little bit get it into the right, places, you know, obviously terribly is if you need to that looks , good.
let 's go ahead and pop this in the oven, so in the interest of full disclosure.
i put my margarita pizza together without putting any fresh tomatoes on it, which is not what i want to do.
i had actually already put it in the oven, when i realized that i spotted the tomatoes not a big deal, and you just grab it out of the oven and layer tomatoes down there nobody is going to know.
they went on late let me just pop that right back in the oven, and we should be good to go in a few minutes.
so here 's my pizza.
margherita just pulled out of the oven.
i actually kept it on the pizza stone.
that 's a that 's something i normally do and let it actually cool down on the stone.
i find that keeps the crust nice and crispy and this one.
i do n't know if you can tell on camera.
but if you do like that, the top kind of jiggles a little bit totally fine totally normal, just means it needs to rest calm down, solidify a little bit.
but i 've got a perfect little pizza here.
hope you make it and i 'll see you next time on no recipe required.
OK guys, so today we 're doing another recipe from our eat, well, lose weight.
i guess series and this is what i 'm making today.
they have sections in this book, well, they have all sections in the public domain cores or sides and all that stuff.
then after that, they have like a section where it breaks down kind of different types of food or different regions of the asian section, indian section italian sausage, and it gives you a couple of recipes.
so i picked the asian section because i really love asian food.
i love tofu.
now we 're going to be making tofu and veggie pot stickers with a dipping sauce.
i believe how many is it three pot stickers and one tablespoon of sauce is a hundred and thirty two calories.
so this is a very, very, very good dinner to eat this is not gonna give you a lot of calories and i actually went online, to better homes and garden to actually look up the recipe, when i could n't find the book, the pot stickers themselves are actually only eight calories per serving those extra calories you get comes from the dipping sauce.
so if you did n't want to use those, the dipping sauce and save on calories, you can actually do that, which will drastically change the calorie count for this.
but let 's get into the ingredients first you have some tofu and this calls for half of an eight ounce package of tofu or roughly nine ounces my grocery store only carries one brand of tofu an one size which is the fourteen ounce size.
so all you really need is nine ounces.
so if you have a fourteen ounce size, just a little bit more than half of that package.
now i like to get the extra firm kind.
because the texture of it if you do n't care, or of your grocery store has a bunch of different types of tofu get whatever one you prefer.
but i'ma texture person, i like the texture of the extra firm also, you need to join this a good way to drain it if you do n't well, after you drain just a plain water out of the container on you need to drain it.
so it 's still not as moist if you have a tofu press that 's perfect if not take, your tofu and i should 've video this black forgot take you tofu and put it on some paper towel and then stack heavy things on top of it i put a pot and a couple of bowls on it and put some more paper towel on top and let it sit for about ten to fifteen minutes and see all that moisture.
let me see if i can bring it out all of that got squeezed out of the tofu.
let me have two tablespoons of green onion about two small green onions chopped up one, one third cup of shredded carrot.
one third cup of broccoli slaw anna.
good thing, if you guys are shopping in advanced by the fresh broccoli saw an thrown into the freezer.
because that 's what i did, you can do that with the broccoli slaw.
because all that is broccoli carrots and cabbage all that stuff is easy to freeze you supposed to have one tablespoon of plum sauce i had plum sauce that expired a year ago and i did n't realize it.
so here gives you a breakdown of the equivalent of it, note says three tablespoons, three tablespoons of egg whites approximately is one large egg, and i just need one egg white.
so i 'm going to put two tablespoons.
because i 'm, i 'm assuming when they say the large egg there, including the yolk in it as well.
so i 'm going to put two tablespoons for one egg, white OK guys, there 's one other thing.
i forgot to tell you about this recipe.
i do n't like it so i did n't include it, if you like water chestnuts, the recipe does call for two tablespoons of chopped drained water chestnuts.
but i do n't like them so i did n't put them in.
so now we 're going to combine are egg whites.
our green onion are duck sauce.
our broccoli slaw an one and a half teaspoons of water.
now before i add my total win, i 'm going to give this a quick nick just.
so that everything is coded.
add george tofu in alright guys.
so now you have to move really quickly with this.
you , wanna add about a teaspoon of filling into the center of you.
rappers , moisten, the edges with a little bit of water do n't use eggwash 'cause you do n't want to add any additional calories.
then quickly pick it up and pinch it together diagonally.
now be gentle.
so you do n't rip them because i ripped my very first one.
i make sure you 're getting the air bubbles out of it and just make sure it 's sealed.
you may have to go over it one or two times with your fingers to make sure that you have all the air out.
and , that is sealed then on a flower sheet.
just push it down an press.
it down just.
so that it has a small flat bottom if you press it down too hard, it opens up just pinch it.
but you do wanna press it down gently.
so that the bottom is flat.
so i 'm going to finish these up.
and i 'll be back, so here all the pot stickers put on a tray.
this is such a time consuming process.
so first thing you want to do is to heat two teaspoons of vegetable oil or medium high heat at the bottom of your skillet, and just add half of your pot stickers in your skill at a time.
jess ann cook them for about one minute just until they are lightly browned and do n't let them touch.
that 's why you only add in half of them and if you have press them down a little bit on your baking tray to make the bottoms of them flat.
they 'll stand up in the pan really easy.
now , once they brown a little bit go ahead an ad half a cup of water reduce your heat cover.
this and cook it for about five minutes.
i 'm going to show you guys the bottom of one season, eisenbrandt woman, can you see it?
that 's nice and brown.
all right, after five minutes go ahead on an remove, the cover an let this cup about three or four minutes or until all the water has evaporated.
now after the water evaporates, if your bottoms had not ground in the beginning you would want to let them cook for one or two minutes without anything in it.
so they can brown.
but since minded brown, once this water evaporates, i 'm just going to remove it.
so let him cook for about three or four minutes.
until all the water is gone, alright guys, so all my water is evaporated.
and i 'm going to pick one up.
so you can see the bottom.
that 's the bottom.
and i 'm going to go down and remove these and put them on a cooling rack.
is the maps?
i 'll be done after their all, i 'll be back after they are all done.
so we 're going to be making the dipping sauce for our wontons.
i 've added two tablespoons of water in here.
so two tablespoons of rice vinegar three tablespoons of low sodium soy sauce, and you do need to use the low sodium.
because you want to count your calories as well as your salt intake, you do n't want this to salted and one teaspoon are freshly grated ginger now.
the one thing i do with my gender i get mine from the farmers market and get a big piece, and i just immediately throw it into the freezer, you can always peel it, and then throw it into the freezer.
but the skin on ginger is.
so incredibly thin.
really does n't matter by.
just took mine off just now really easy with a paring knife, and this is still frozen.
so one teaspoon fresh ginger, and one fourth of a teaspoon of toasted so familial, mine is just plain sesame E oil.
again guys, i do n't really think you can substitute any of this stuff because it 's not going to have the same flavor.
one eighth to one fourth of a teaspoon of crushed red pepper, depending on how spicy you like it, you can always add more.
now give this a good whiskey, so, that is combining all the flavors are melting, and give it a taste too.
because you can see if you need to add more oil to thicken it up, or if you want to even add more seasonings.
maybe you think, is a little bland, but i 'm going to let 's get up and give it a tank.
this sauce tastes really, really good guys.
you do n't need to add anything else to this, if you like ginger, or you could always add a little bit more ginger.
but it really does n't need it this is a really good dipping.
soften , it complements the pot stickers very, very well, because of pot.
stickers are not overly season and they 're also tofu.
so this takes really good.
so i 'll be back with pictures.
and i 'll show you my meal.
today , we 're going to be cooking the world famous football cheating offer known as compiled chicken, the great thing about bombarding is the mild, sweet and sour taste, as well as the unique spiciness coming from the citron, peppercorns.
but enough with the talking.
let 's get straight into it.
step one ingredients chicken breast.
cucumber leaks, peanuts, garlic ginger dried chilies, citron, peppercorns, vinegar sugar, dark soy sauce.
cooking wine salt starch and some cooking oil, you can find the exact amount, the block.
but feel free to adjust the recipe and make it your own by the way, you should be able to find all of these ingredients in any chinese grocery store around the world.
step two preparation, take the chicken breast and ice.
it put it in a bowl with some wine and starch makes it with your hands and let it sit while you cut the cucumber and leaks into chunks.
now crush the garlic slice and cut the ginger into fingernail sized pieces.
next we prepare the sauce by mixing sugar vinegar, dark soy sauce, a little bit of cooking wine salt and starch together in a small boat step.
three cooking heat.
some oil in a walk at sichuan peppercorns and quick fry.
so they can release their aroma after twenty to thirty seconds.
remove them now at the pre marinated chicken stir fry until it turns white, my insite move.
it aside at chili ginger and garlic stir fry now, at cucumber leaks, peanuts and stir fry, again that 's button at least you add the sauce.
remember to give it a quick stir before hence or the sugar, and starch wo n't be at the bottom of the bolt now.
stir fry it one last time, step for happiness of mouth congratulations.
you 've just cooked authentic converging enjoy it with a bowl of rice i hope you.
like this video, if you have any questions i 'll be happy to answer your comments down below, of course, feel free to drop by my youtube channel.
there 's plenty of cool videos for you to see and make sure to subscribe for more.
LOL , why cooking another awesome things.
thanks for watching, and i 'll see you next time.
hi , i 'm holly food editor at my recipes, dot com dinner.
tonight will show you how to make a healthy and delicious supper in less than forty five minutes.
kung pao chicken is one of my favorite, take out dishes.
but with this recipe, i can make it at home in less than thirty minutes for lower calories, fat and sodium with the same authentic flavor.
i 'll start by browning my onions in dark sesame E.
oil next saute garlic for about thirty seconds.
that 's plenty of time for it to release its flavor, add one pound of chopped chicken thighs to the onion mixture and saute for about three minutes, while the chicken browns make the sauce combine water with soy sauce, cornstarch brown sugar ginger, and crushed.
pepper them with these ingredients together until the sugar dissolves add the sauce to the pan and bring it to a boil.
once the sauce comes to a boil at red bell peppers and snow peas cookies for about two minutes, or until they are crisp, tender does n't this dish look better and more fresh than what you find in a restaurant.
finish it off by topping with chopped peanuts.
i hope you enjoy this recipe for your dinner tonight.
hey guys welcome back to the channel.
i want to say.
thank you to all the subscribers today.
all the ones that have joined in the past week and all you guys, it still continue to hang on here thank you.
i appreciate it listen today.
we 're going to make kung pao chick in kung pao chicken, going to have some broccoli on the side, too.
but i 'm not going to show you were just going to steam the broccoli is going to be pretty quickly.
so i 'm not even going to include that in the recipe today.
but here 's what you gotta.
need you 're going to need about a pound of boneless, skinless chicken, thighs here there?
we go we 're going to cut these into bite size pieces here in a minute, going to subpoena, butter some garlic.
some light soy sauce some chili sauce.
we 're going to use craft classic, catalina dressing, and we 've got some ginger alright.
let me go ahead and process this and get it all set up.
and , we 'll go ahead and start cooking in this shell kung, pao chicken serves four.
i think it 's less than three hundred fifty calories per serving first thing.
we 're going to do is we 're going to take our quarter cup of peanut butter.
and we 're going to combine it with two tablespoons of our catalina, dressing there.
we go we 're going to put in two tablespoon or two teaspoons of our chili sauce.
then we 'll put in our tablespoon of soy sauce.
then we 'll go ahead and mix the salt thoroughly sort of make a nice even paste.
this is the consistency you 're looking for it right here.
so it 's basically turn back into peanut butter.
i 've got her pan on medium high heat here.
and i 've got our other three tablespoons of the catalina, dressing.
we 've got our garlic, and we 've got our grated ginger.
i 'm going to go ahead and stayed up or remaining dressing here.
i 'll put in our garlic there.
we go and i 'll go ahead and put her ginger in awesome, and i 've got our chicken cut up here into bite size.
pieces of taken most of the fat off that i could get.
i 'm going to go ahead and put this in our fan too.
and i 'm going to stir fry this for about a minute here.
try to get everything coated.
we 're going to have some sticks to arpan.
that 's fine, will just scrape it all our guys?
this smells fantastic.
oh , my god could chuck it 's now that i 'm going to go ahead and add in or peanut butter mixture that we made.
earlier now, there we go baby get in there.
i want to get all of this, i 'll come back and scrape this out in a minute.
y'all both are you going to do now is go ahead and just stare this around, in here and make sure we get every piece coated with this.
i 'll show you what it looks like, and we 're going to let this cook once you get all the peanut butter in for about seven more minutes, and we should be ready to serve alright guys.
this is what we 're looking for this is done.
it 's golden brown.
we got a lot of stuff stuck on the bottom that 's OK, not a problem we can clean the pan.
i 'm going to go ahead and serve this site now and makes four servings like i said this is less than four hundred calories per serving.
i 'll give you all the details down here.
let me serve this sub, y'all and will give this a try.
all right guys there.
it is kung pao chick in BC.
if i get a close up with this for y'all see if there you go.
it 's got a nice little glisten on the top, looks delicious is very heart.
friendly , it 's healthy.
it 's got the good cholesterol for you in here.
alright , without further ado, i 'm going to go ahead and take a nice bite of this there, it is, yeah, i guess i should always offer you guys the first byte there.
you go that taste good alright.
let me try your wow naturally.
i get the first hit of ginger and garlic, which is really, really satisfying to me always be careful with ginger men at some powerful stuff.
they should regulate that love ginger, but you get attached to that peanut butter.
there 's a vague, vague hint of the catalina, i would be happy with little bit more catalina.
but you can taste it does alter the flavor, and i think i would prefer a little bit more chili sauce because i like the heat.
but , you know, i 'm cooking for my kids here so they have to.
they do n't really enjoy the heat as much as i do.
and this is perfect size two.
it 's like popcorns out, fantastical, it 's got a great coding in your mouth really awesome little dish year.
so there it is off kung pao chicken, please like share and subscribe to my channel, if you get any benefit out of it no tell a friend of family member.
tell your spouse, all you guys subscribe.
and you get follow me over on google, plus P period, space, parton P barton over at google, plus.
so until next time and then you 'll get all my updates until.
i will see you later.
come hate that choi that means happy new year.
i 'm not sure if i pronounce that correctly, but because chinese new year is just around the corner.
i wanted to make potstickers, potstickers.
a dumpling, that is steamed and fried if you want the recipe for those.
please check out what side the cooking dot blogspot dot com and if you 're interested in seeing my version, keep on watching.
please visit what 's ivy cooking dot blogspot dot com for the complete recipe clean shrimp by peeling the talen skin off as shown.
devein , the shrimp by running your knife on the back of the shrimp use your fingers to open the shrimp and remove the digestive track as shown boil water and let your shit talky mushroom steep in this water until rehydrated.
finally , chop up your green onions.
we do n't want big chunks of green onions in our mixture and peel.
the skin off of your shallot, an finally mince.
we also do n't want big chunks of shallots in our mixture.
train your water chestnuts.
an finally mince as shown, great shirt garlic and ginger it 's easier to great eight ginger when it is frozen once your shit talky mushrooms have been rehydrated you want to squeeze off the excess water and chop finely as shown rinse your shrimp off with water and finally chop in a bowl combine your ground pork your shrimp green onions shallots ginger and garlic shataiki mushrooms and water chestnuts have the xiaoxing wine the sesame E oil to soy sauce some salt sugar, white pepper, and an egg incorporate all these ingredients by mixing this mixture with your hands once mix, add your cornstarch and mix again, please visit what 's ivy cooking dot blogspot dot com for the complete recipe, place a teaspoon in the center of the dough dabble little water with your finger and circle around the edge fault, the pot sticker, and pleaded as shown.
i do about six to eight pleats, when i am done pleading it.
i like to flatten the bottom with my hand place pot stickers in a pan add chicken broth until chicken broth reaches halfway up place the cover, and we 're going to steam the pot stickers for about three minutes, take the cover off and let the broth evaporate once evaporated.
add some oil and let the pot stickers fry until golden brown on the bottom.
thank you for watching ivs kitchen.
please do n't forget to subscribe for my recipes.
please visit what 's ivy cooking dot blogspot dot com.
can also find me on facebook, or instagram until next time happy cooking?
welcome to collinwood, elam, i'ma grassy.
and we 're going to make together pizza margarita today.
this pizza was invented in eighteen hundred.
eighty nine in naples by rafael as positive pizza maker in owner of queen regina, margherita during visit to naples, this pizza is the color of the italian flag green, white, and red to prepare six pizzas margarita we need two pounds flour, one hour.
so fresh yeast two cups fresh water and one teaspoon of salt and to garnish our pizzas, we need the six tablespoons extra virgin olive oil one pound of fresh mozzarella cheese few basil, live one pound or can tomato or tomato pulp and a pinch of salt.
first of all way to need our peace, and also we need the flower place of our bench we had the east salt and water and we need is important, not to mix directly salt and is we have water people to water.
cause , we do n't know exactly how much water.
the flowers gone hours hope.
and we start to need, so we need about though for this fifteen twenty minutes until we have a very nice texture.
and where is moved dope connected using a kitchenette.
of course when you finish to need the door is not sticky anymore, as a nice texture.
if it 's too thick, you can add a little water.
if it 's two softap just add some flour, you place on a bench.
you make a nice bowl with cover, the door to avoid crusting an you let it rise at room temperature for three four hour.
or you can place in a warm place for one hour.
one sourdough, as almost double is volume we make six small balls.
each peaceable should be around nine ounces.
so we make nice round shape now.
we cover again with film to avoid the door crafting an we elect, leave at room times or for a couple of hour or if you like you can place in a warm place for forty five minutes around pizza dough is ready.
now we can seize and a tomato.
so pinch of salt little olive oil we start giving a shape to our pizza we flower one piece of gold.
and we start making flat with our hands.
we try to obtain a regular round shape of around fourteen inches.
now we had a tomato and we spread all over our pizza dough.
we had the mozzarella cheese shredded little basil pizza is ready to be back.
now we should make pizza at around seven hundred fifty degrees.
fahrenheit for around ninety seconds sliding pizza directly on the oven floor at home we can bake at four hundred degrees.
fahrenheit four five, seven finish our pizza with basil and fresh olive oil.
i hope you enjoy this pizza.
margherita , one of the most famous italian pizzas and got up at eight AM.
